David is returning to subber in the
field to check on sharee she doesn't
have a physical injury and that makes it
very difficult even for the vets to
actually determine what is actually the
problem all I know it's it's some really
bad internal thing like a stomach issue
or some virus or some bacteria or some
you know something bad but keeping track
of sharee in socket a is becoming
increasingly difficult they've joined a
huge at this time of year when the rains
come the elephant's all get together to
socialize they are heading into rough
country and the weather is closing in
again it'll take all David's skills to
find them save it to copy
she's like at the back
oh my god yes sherry I've noted for such
a long time worry is if she dies then
there's a very high likelihood that her
car finish her dime because we probably
won't find it in many ways we shouldn't
interfere but sometimes of elephants you
just feel like they suffer on such a
level of consciousness that one has to
act and especially for that baby that
poor little calf must be absolutely
desperate for milk and she pushes it off
every time it comes near it has
absolutely no tolerance about little
wild because it's family won't
incorporate it we won't take it in and
they don't look after young orphans like
that your own means it is called too
much investment
the only thing we can do and it's a very
difficult decision is maybe try to
rescue the car but we can't make that
call that has to be done by the vet and
by much higher levels of authority can
you our life service and in the meantime
we just have to monitor how and whether
there's any hope at all
it's nothing
you